x/gov docs basic cleanup (#8279)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/gov/spec/03_messages.md

## Proposal Submission

> Proposals can be submitted by any Atom holder via a `MsgSubmitProposal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposals can be submitted by any account via a `MsgSubmitProposal`
```

## Proposal Submission

Proposals can be submitted by any Atom holder via a `MsgSubmitProposal`
transaction.

```proto

> message MsgSubmitProposal {

Reviewer 2: could we use +++ here?

Once a proposal is submitted, if
`Proposal.TotalDeposit < ActiveParam.MinDeposit`, Atom holders can send
`MsgDeposit` transactions to increase the proposal's deposit.

```proto

> message MsgDeposit {

Reviewer 2: same

## Vote

Once `ActiveParam.MinDeposit` is reached, voting period starts. From there,
bonded Atom holders are able to send `MsgVote` transactions to cast their
vote on the proposal.

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/proto/cosmos/gov/v1beta1/tx.proto#L46-L56

**State modifications:**

- Record `Vote` of sender

_Note: Gas cost for this message has to take into account the future tallying of the vote in EndBlocker_

> Next is a pseudocode proposal of the way `MsgVote` transactions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next is a pseudocode outline of the way `MsgVote` transactions are
```

## Vote

Once `ActiveParam.MinDeposit` is reached, voting period starts. From there,
bonded Atom holders are able to send `MsgVote` transactions to cast their
vote on the proposal.

```proto

>   message MsgVote {   

Reviewer 2: same
